README.md, before:

# Implementing following Design patterns in .net framework 

Implements a example in following Design Patterns. 

- [x] Creational
  - [x] Factory Method : **Factory Method** is a creational design pattern that provides an interface for creating objects in a superclass, but allows subclasses to alter the type of objects that will be created. ![Factory](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/143724954-049d1d09-b46b-463e-b7e4-b148a12a9b50.png)
  - [x] Abstract Factory : **Abstract Factory** is a creational design pattern that lets you produce families of related objects without specifying their concrete classes. ![AbstractFactory](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/143725241-ab2223a2-48ec-4fbc-af19-b234de732507.png)
  - [x] Builder : Builder is a creational design pattern that lets you construct complex objects step by step. The pattern allows you to produce different types and representations of an object using the same construction code. ![House](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144766385-def4eae2-adee-4229-902a-084c32836377.png)
  - [x] Prototype : Prototype is a creational design pattern that lets you copy existing objects without making your code dependent on their classes. ![Prototype](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144766450-8d1521fa-bcc4-4398-bada-7c1964dac152.png)
  - [x] Singleton : Singleton is a creational design pattern that lets you ensure that a class has only one instance, while providing a global access point to this instance. ![singleton](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144766472-eb9d0a04-8cd7-4a98-84e2-af8cae38d29a.png)

- [ ] Structural
  - [x] Adapter : Adapter is a structural design pattern that allows objects with incompatible interfaces to collaborate. (An example to remember is various types of file convertors, and each convertor can have different type of conversion internally. ) ![Adapter](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144773098-d0ea6eda-ebe9-491d-bee1-939a74c02617.png)
  - [ ] Bridge
  - [ ] Composite
  - [ ] Decoratoor
  - [ ] Facade
  - [ ] Flyweight
  - [ ] Proxy
  
- [ ] Behavioral 
  - [ ] Chain Of Responsibility
  - [ ] Command
  - [ ] Iterator
  - [ ] Medicator
  - [ ] Memento
  - [ ] Observer
  - [ ] State
  - [ ] Strategy
  - [ ] Template Method
  - [ ] Visitor


# References 

- Using gitignore from : https://github.com/github/gitignore 
- Design Patterns Theory : https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/
- Simpler language for design patterns : https://www.dofactory.com/net/design-patterns
- Adapter Pattern - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/adapter-pattern/

Commit message:

Update Readme.md For Bridge Pattern
Added Bridge Pattern - Example 1.

README.md, after:

# Implementing following Design patterns in .net framework 

Implements a example in following Design Patterns. 

- [x] Creational
  - [x] Factory Method : **Factory Method** is a creational design pattern that provides an interface for creating objects in a superclass, but allows subclasses to alter the type of objects that will be created. ![Factory](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/143724954-049d1d09-b46b-463e-b7e4-b148a12a9b50.png)
  - [x] Abstract Factory : **Abstract Factory** is a creational design pattern that lets you produce families of related objects without specifying their concrete classes. ![AbstractFactory](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/143725241-ab2223a2-48ec-4fbc-af19-b234de732507.png)
  - [x] Builder : Builder is a creational design pattern that lets you construct complex objects step by step. The pattern allows you to produce different types and representations of an object using the same construction code. ![House](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144766385-def4eae2-adee-4229-902a-084c32836377.png)
  - [x] Prototype : Prototype is a creational design pattern that lets you copy existing objects without making your code dependent on their classes. ![Prototype](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144766450-8d1521fa-bcc4-4398-bada-7c1964dac152.png)
  - [x] Singleton : Singleton is a creational design pattern that lets you ensure that a class has only one instance, while providing a global access point to this instance. ![singleton](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144766472-eb9d0a04-8cd7-4a98-84e2-af8cae38d29a.png)

- [ ] Structural
  - [x] Adapter : Adapter is a structural design pattern that allows objects with incompatible interfaces to collaborate. (An example to remember is various types of file convertors, and each convertor can have different type of conversion internally. ) ![Adapter](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/144773098-d0ea6eda-ebe9-491d-bee1-939a74c02617.png)
  - [x] Bridge : Bridge is a structural design pattern that lets you split a large class or a set of closely related classes into two separate hierarchies—abstraction and implementation—which can be developed independently of each other. ![Bridge](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15343632/145727803-2fb55b99-d5da-4212-8c87-6951c37f655c.png)
  - [ ] Composite
  - [ ] Decoratoor
  - [ ] Facade
  - [ ] Flyweight
  - [ ] Proxy
  
- [ ] Behavioral 
  - [ ] Chain Of Responsibility
  - [ ] Command
  - [ ] Iterator
  - [ ] Medicator
  - [ ] Memento
  - [ ] Observer
  - [ ] State
  - [ ] Strategy
  - [ ] Template Method
  - [ ] Visitor


# References 

- Using gitignore from : https://github.com/github/gitignore 
- Design Patterns Theory : https://refactoring.guru/design-patterns/
- Simpler language for design patterns : https://www.dofactory.com/net/design-patterns
- Adapter Pattern - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/adapter-pattern/
